1. Navbar

create and navbar with chakra UI add proper animation, 
: here are the things that should be added
1. nav links "home, about, contact, pricing, portfolio"
2. fully responcive with mobile menu which should be more attractive and professenal
3. logo and its title

2. Footer
create and footer with chakra UI add proper animation, 
:here are the things that should be added
1. add proper links and social icons with proper iconbtn and its animation 
2. add newstaler section 
3. add proper copywrite and right reseve
4. make fully responcive and mobile freindly UI

3. Hero section
create and hero section with chakra UI add proper animation, 
:here are the things that should be added
1. add attractive heading that make user to contact our company
2. add proper text in brife about compony
3. call to action btn's
4. make modern UI and take care of all SEO freindly html tags


4. Pricing section
create and pricing section with chakra UI add proper animation, 
:here are the things that should be added
1. pricing cards with full detail of package and what it include and not.
2. add proper icons 
3. make proper color template for cards to make more attractive 

5. About section
create and about section with chakra UI add proper animation, 
:here are the things that should be added
1. add proper description about company and what we doing
2. add image media to demostrate our work
3. add action btn to interect the user to reach user
4. make fully responcive for all media devices

6. Contact section
create and contact section with chakra UI add proper animation, 
:here are the things that should be added
1. add contact form with following fileds ('name', 'phone', 'email', 'requirment', 'service')
2. add formik and Yup validation and service should be and dropdown section
3. add non editable input field that have pricing regard to service he/she choice
4. make fully responcive and attractive colors
5. add proper left icons for every input with proper match to that filed name.

7. Portfolio section
create and portfolio section with chakra UI add proper animation, 
:here are the things that should be added
1. add cards for with folloing details ('name of propject', 'details', 'componony', 'image', 'button')
2. add proper color and icons 
3. make fully responcive 
4. add some text to know what server we have provided in past

8. Who We Are section
create and Who We Are section with chakra UI add proper animation, 
:here are the things that should be added
1. contain our strategys card
2. our goal card
3. our work card
4. make fully responcive and make attractive.

9. Service section
create and service section with chakra UI add proper animation, 
:here are the things that should be added
1. create and service card which contain all detail about service 
2. add proper styling to make fully responcive
3. make attractive and modern look.

10. Service Detail package
create and service detail page with chakra UI add proper animation, 
:here are the things that should be added
1. craete and service over view where all details regarding to service
2. in bottom there whould be and pricing cards which contains all Pricing
3. add appropreate image and btn and icons
4. make proper responce and all device competible